(defn create-ellipse
  "Takes in width height and any RGB value for color that quil allows, look at quil's fill function for exact input parameters.
  Creates a hashmap of the information relevant to the shape and its draw position and values needed by the ds function.
  Look at quil's ellipse function for more information."
 
(defn create-arc
  "Takes in a width height start stop and any RGB value for color that quil allows, look at quil's fill function for exact input parameters.
  The start and stop are measured in radians.
  Creates a hashmap of the information relevant to the shape and its draw position and the values needed by the ds function.
  Look at quil's arc function for more information."
 
(defn create-line
  "Takes in one x and y position and any RGB value for color that quil allows, look at quil's stroke function for exact input parameters.
  The first position is atomatically (0,0) so draw your line based off of that.
  Creates a hashmap of the information relevant to the shape and its draw position and the values needed by the ds function.
  Look at quil's line function for more information."

(defn create-triangle
  "Takes in two x and y positions and any RGB value for color that quil allows, look at quil's fill function for exact input parameters.
  The first position is atomatically (0,0) so draw your shape based off of that.
  Creates a hashmap of the information relevant to the shape and its draw position and the values needed by the ds function.
  Look at quil's triangle function for more information."
 
(defn create-quad
  "Takes in three x and y positions and any RGB value for color that quil allows, look at quil's fill function for exact input parameters.
  The first position is atomatically (0,0) so draw your shape based off of that.
  Creates a hashmap of the information relevant to the shape and its draw position and the values needed by the ds function.
  Look at quil's quad function for more information."
 
(defn create-picture
  "Takes in a string of the image location.
  Creates a hashmap of the information relevant to the shape and its draw position and values needed by the ds function.
  Look at quil's load-image function for more information."
  
(defn create-rect
  "Takes in width height and any RGB value for color that quil allows, look at quil's fill function for exact input parameters.
  Creates a hashmap of the information relevant to the shape and its draw position and values needed by the ds function.
  Look at quil's rect function for more information."
  
(defn ds
  "Calls the internal function :ds of the shape or image hashmap with the input variables passed to it."
  
(defn above
  "Takes 1 or more shapes and puts them above each other.
  The first argument will be on the top, the last argument will be on the bottom.
  This returns a new complex shape."

(defn beside
  "Takes 1 or more shapes and puts them beside each other.
  The first argument will be on the left, the last argument will be on the right.
  This returns a new complex shape."

(defn overlay
  "Takes 1 or more shapes and overlays them on each other.
  The first argument will be on the front of the shape, the last argument will be the back of the shape.
  This returns a new complex shape."
  
(defn overlay-align
  "Takes in a first argument of :top :center or :bottom for the vertical orientation, a second argument of :left :center or :right for the horizontal orientation,
  and 1 or more shapes and overlays them on each other with the specified orientation.
  The first argument will be on the front of the shape, the last argument will be the back of the shape.
  This returns a new complex shape."
  
(defn above-align
  "Takes in a first argument of :right :left for the vertical orientation,
  and 1 or more shapes and puts them above each other with the specified orientation.
  The first argument will be on top, the last argument will be on bottom.
  This returns a new complex shape."

(defn beside-align
  "Takes in a first argument of :top :bottom for the vertical orientation,
  and 1 or more shapes and puts them beside each other with the specified orientation.
  The first argument will be on the left, the last argument will be on the right.
  This returns a new complex shape."

(defn scale-shape
  "Takes in a shape or image, x-axis scale, and y-axis scale.
  Scales the shape based off the values input.
  This returns a new complex shape if given a complex shape otherwise returns a new simple shape.
  Look at quil's scale function for more information."

(defn rotate-shape
  "Function that takes in a shape or image and an angle in degrees.
  It then rotates the shape or image.
  This function returns a new shape.
  This function cannot be used on complex shapes.
  Look at quil's rotate function for more information."
